Well, since Princess Daxia is full of confidence
It is said that Daxia is full of talents
Then let your so-called capable people
Compete with the strong ones of our three kingdoms
Through such a pen
Not only can it demonstrate the strength of your building
It also allows us to witness with our own eyes
What kind of talents do you have in your building?
An extraordinary talent.
I am a big summer
Countless brave children
Tell me how you want to despise
Since the eldest princess said so, then
These three strong men
With outstanding memory and wisdom
It shows the glory and brilliance of our three kingdoms
Our country is strong with extraordinary technology
Zeng bent the bow and shot the eagle
The strong in our country once wielded a knife to kill countless enemies
Shows the fearless record of warriors
And the strong in our country
With his ingenious humanoid chess game
Kill the enemy without leaving a single piece of armor
Showed great resourcefulness
They not only serve our country
Won countless treasures
With their bravery and wisdom
Forging the eternal legend of our nations
Since the eldest princess asserted that the building is full of talents
Then we despise three rounds to see
It's your building that produces talents
Or am I better?
Sister Huang, but let me be careful about this matter.
The royal family in just three small places
I can't let go of the emperor at all
Mother, don't worry.
Hahahahahaha
Now that you have decided to compete
Why not add some color?
Make the game more exciting?